Portfolio for Julie White
insert links here

About Me
My name is Julie White; I'm 23 years old and live in Royse City, Texas. I come from Catholic parents and have three siblings: one older sister, and two brothers, one who is older and one who is younger. I was homeschooled throughout grade and highschool and have a passion for technology and animation.

I went to Texas A&M University in Commerce to pursue a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science. I was accepted into the Regents Scholar Program, which in addition to a 70% scholarship and goal of academic excellence, allowed me to travel abroad during the summer of 2017. I traveled to Bayeuax and Paris, France and London, England, where I got to experience all the wonderful sights and culture. I graduated Cum Laude in May of 2018, and am currently deciding between continuing my education or diving deep into a professional career.

Past Experiences
I have been working in retail since I was 16, and have experience as a fast food worker and a bookstore clerk. I also have worked as a desk receptionist at one of my school's Residence Halls and the school Planetarium. In the Planetarium I sold tickets, presented and managed showings, and assisted professional astronomers and Astronomy teachers with research and classwork.

My first experience with programming and Computer Science was in freshman year of college, so I am not as fluid a programmer as others I know. However I have had a variety of coding experience including learning languages C++ and C#, Java and Javascript, HTML and CSS, among other topics. I have also explored other programming topics such as Data Security and Unity Game Programming.

Hobbies
I love animation and I spend a lot of time drawing and creating stories. I grew up watching the classic Disney animations of the 80's and 90's, and expanded into Japanese animation as a tennager. I would love to one day create my own animations either in a professional setting or as personal projects. I also have a great many stories that I am writing and creating, and I hope that one day I will be able to share with the world.

I am an avid gamer and enjoy playing and watching all kinds of video games. I have recorded and edited my own gaming videos to post online, and spend a lot of time learning more about the history and culture of gaming. I have been looking for a job in the gaming industry as a designer. I would love the opportunity to blend my love of animation and drawing with my love of video games in a professional setting.

© 2018 Julie White. All rights reserved.